Update SwanLake Alpha4 release notes for debugger (#136)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-alpha4-release-note.md

#### New Features

> - Added debugging support for package dependency sources. With this feature, now you can step-in and debug the sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added debugging support for package dependency sources. With this feature, now, you can step in and debug the sources
```

>   related to the following dependency package types, that are used within your ballerina program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  related to the following dependency package types, which are used within your Ballerina program.
```

> - Added debugging support for package dependency sources. With this feature, now you can step-in and debug the sources
>   related to the following dependency package types, that are used within your ballerina program.
>   - language library sources
>   - standard library sources
>   - imported modules from the central

Reviewer 2: Shall we make this a heading instead?

```suggestion
##### Debugging Support for Dependencies

With this feature you can now step-in and debug the sources of the following dependencies used within your Ballerina program.
  - language library
  - standard library
  - modules imported from Ballerina Central
```

Author: @MaryamZi +1.. shall we also make `language library` -> `language libraries` and `standard library` -> `standard libraries` in your suggestion?

Author: @praneesha WDYT?

Reviewer 2: +1

>   - imported modules from the central

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - imported modules from Ballerina Central
```
